I have located this hater. She seals
this woman's life. I have all her information,
even her ID. I have two people
that I have reported, one Antonio, the
second complaint must have arrived and she
fell and then we have the other one, I
gave her a taste of her own medicine that
suddenly I put all her information on Twitter
because I'm up to there
when it says all the information that you put
there, he put where he lives, his name and
surname and I have told the sad story
of his daughter so I don't understand that a
woman like her would dedicate herself to harassing me, messing
with my physique. With everything, her baby
is a transsexual girl who has had a
very bad time at school. There are many times that
when you live through these types of situations
you can take two paths, one that you
empathize with people because they know what you're going through
or another that you go to the
other side, you know, and exactly, and since I was finding it
so funny that I was
listening to the woman who has been
harassing me for almost two years cry, I simply
said the phrase that I'm telling you. It
seems untrue that with
your daughter's condition that you dedicate yourself to doing this to
another person who hasn't done anything to you
but wait, because now the serious part comes